Welcome to this edition of the Yahoo blog.
We're in the family hour.
We're actually going to do most of our
program on returning to the garden,
although we're going to begin this
evening's program with a song.
It's good to see everyone.
I think we have, what,
five or six of our cast here joining
me.
I'm Craig Wynn.
We have Dr. Jeff in the house.
Dr. Jeff has been
part of the covenant,
and we've been together now probably over
twenty years.
We have Kirk,
who I've been with almost as long,
probably nineteen or twenty years.
He's our California artist and my very,
very good friend.
JB is one of the few people who
I actually enjoy disagreeing with.
you had a chance to send a note
on that today,
because you're such a thoughtful debater.
And it's kind of fun when we find
something that we can actually disagree
with.
But computer tech in Texas,
always a pleasure to see you.
And there's a
time clock over your image,
but I would assume that you're back in
my pool, Kevin.
Is that correct?
That's right.
There you are.
You are back in my pool.
Kevin has come back from a bit of
a hiatus,
a family passing your father-in-law.
And so it's good to have you back
with us.
We've been trying to get a vlog on
the blog going,
but I understand we have some technical
issues.
I only have about four hundred posts on
Facebook.
You're ready to go over.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, I'm ready.
We could do like a ten hour blog
on the blog.
So one of my favorites.
I really like that that format that it's
it's fun and fast paced.
And so it is one of my very
favorites.
We have.
also rich over here to uh to my
right uh rich uh is managing all the
controls there's rich this evening well we
may get uh leia later on we uh
right i know that now she would be
uh in the uh the chat room making
a contribution there we may get her uh
later on she has stolen wookie too so
what could be the other member of our
cast that is currently uh awol so uh
kirk how do you like your picture uh
up there on the uh in the studio
I like it very much.
Thank you.
Isn't that great?
I think it's really been appropriate here
in this recent series because you've got,
you know, the old man and the sea,
and this is the old tree and the
sea.
And we're talking about the old...
the old guy who is representing that tree
and the garden, the tree of knowledge.
And he's pretty well rooted and old and
gnarly and weather beaten,
but still standing strong and by the sea,
which is symbolic of Gentiles,
which is an observant foreigner and
growing out of the rocks there.
It all worked pretty well, I think.
yeah that's a coincidence but this is a
heck of a good one yeah yeah it's
uh it's perfect for our our metaphor so
what i'd like to do is we'll start
first with uh leia's uh i can't even
say most recent song because she has
shared another song with us that is
probably even more powerful uh in its uh
lyrics but this one is really good and
we'll do the next one uh next week
uh the story behind this song as she
shared it with me is
that we have most recently received a
showering of new and enlightening
information.
We are learning at a prodigious pace,
much faster than ever before.
I would say that it's exponential in the
sense that we've learned more in the last
two months than we learned in the six
months prior to that,
and more in the six months prior to
that than in the year prior to that,
and certainly more in the last year than
we did.
probably in the ten years prior to that.
We've been at it now for twenty four
years.
So the pace has really accelerated,
which is kind of what you'd expect.
You build up a solid foundation and it's
just much easier.
You know, Kirk,
I think when you started your glossary,
you know,
it's each word was slow initially.
But as you build a foundation and you
come pretty, pretty adept at it,
it's much faster.
JB, as you translate it,
the more you translate,
the easier it is to translate.
And I actually find that if you go
back and go over material you've been over
three or four times,
the insight that you can derive the
fourth, fifth, sixth,
seventh time from it is much greater than
the first time through.
So we are developing this increase in
enlightening information.
And Leah has always been fascinated by the
two women that are presented in the Torah
account.
There's always a good woman and a bad
woman,
and both are presented often and in
different ways, using different metaphors.
And then she began to look and notice
how Israel's long and embittered history
with the Iowa sort of in...
resembles her own.
It's just like Dode is symbolic of Israel,
the good and the bad of Israel,
just as he is symbolic of the covenant.
Leah looked at her life and said,
you know,
it's a lot of the things that she's
gone through are reflected in the life of
her people, of Israel.
And she has also moved from country to
country.
She has loved the wrong man,
which is also something that Israel has
suffered.
She has been abused while trying to remain
sane and grounded.
Again, something she shares with Israel.
She has at times been pulverized by life.
On paper, her life looked good,
even great.
But in reality,
she would say that life was like drinking
a fine wine and having it taste like
vinegar in her mouth.
And so she could not find the missing
flavor,
the remedy for what she was tasting versus
what she was actually consuming.
And she wanted to enjoy the
find taste of wine again.
And she claims that,
and I'm grateful for this,
that Yada came in like a charging bull.
He's not very timid.
And her life was transformed.
And to hear her say it,
she said that she's better for it and
the rest is history.
So she wrote this song about the runaway
woman and how when she encountered Yada,
it was,
brought her back to sanity,
brought her back to a safe shelter,
back to a life that was full of
flavor and worth living.
I'll just share a few of the lyrics
with you before we play the song.
She wrote, she was removed from the land.
I mean, boy,
is that ever true of Leah and of
Israel.
She went chasing every man in Israel.
fate unkind.
She played the field.
She was wild.
A woman lost, nowhere left to go.
She was, of course, the runaway woman.
And she was playing a deadly game.
For those that don't know, Leah is really,
I think, other than Israel,
I think she comes in second to Israel
for the most time to actually be a
runaway bride.
She did it five times.
So,
Yeah,
you're definitely looking at your watch if
you're at the altar waiting for Lehi.
But Israel has her beaten in this regard.
So the runaway woman playing a deadly
game, tossed and torn and caught in shame.
She bowed her back.
She roamed.
She strayed.
But Yadah's come round and
as showing her the way.
So she danced with the shadows.
She kissed in the night.
She got fooled and used till she lost
the fight.
Bent and broken, but still wild as fire.
None could tame her.
None could shame her.
So she is this runaway woman.
She was lost in her dress worn thin.
Dode reported where to begin.
Yara stepped in, the king's own friend.
To bring her home, love's bound to mend.
So this is the introduction to her song.
I think we'll play it now,
and you'll have a chance to listen.
It's a beautiful melody.
The graphics are also lovely,
and the lyrics tell a story,
and it's a story that plays out in
the life of Israel.
¶¶
She was removed from the land When chasing
every man in fate unkind Play the field
like a wild,
wild cow
lost nowhere left to go runaway woman
playing a deadly game tossed and torn and
caught in shame she bowed her back
She danced with shadows,
she kissed the night Got fooled and used,
till she lost the fight Bad and broken,
but wild
Playing a deadly game, tossed and torn,
caught in sin and shame.
She turned her back,
said she'd never stay,
but he had us come.
home love's born to mend.
She knelt at the throne,
head and heart laid bare.
The zikaron in her hand,
I lay it there.
God's arms open, his love still
With Yada's hand,
she found her way back to the loving
home that's here to stay.
Yeah,
the runaway bride turned sweet and true
from the fields of sorrow to the waters
of blue.
She's a child of Yahawa,
shining brightly back in doubt's arms,
walking in his light.
That is genuinely marvelous.
When you view that song from the point
of view of a Yehud speaking of Yisrael
and the song applying to Yisrael,
particularly what we know of Doge's
return,
the homecoming being Yom Kippur in year
six thousand, yeah, twenty thirty three.
And that the purpose of the sacrifice
of the Adam of Parah,
what's considered to be the red heifer,
although he is not red and his apparel
will be red.
And he is a man symbolized by a
bull, not a female cow.
But nonetheless,
it's the sacrifice of the Adam of Parah
on Teruah that prepares the adulterous
woman.
I'm not saying that...
Israel is sexually adulterous or Leah.
It's a reference to cheating on Yahweh
with false gods,
which is what Israel and Jews have done
for a very long time through Judaism.
And what God is,
uh offering this uh adulterous woman which
is the remnant of israel is purification
on terua so that she can be wed
again to her returning king dote and that
is the message of yada the purpose of
yadayawa it's what we are conveying to
israel so that they are prepared to be
among those who are purged on to rule
so they can enjoy the family reunion and
the wedding on caporum so the
Bride has run away for about three
thousand four hundred and fifty years and
is finally in a position where she can
return and return to her king who still
loves her,
who has forgiven her and who wants to
be joined back with her.
And I think in that light,
it is really.
It's really a marvelous song.
We have lost our friend Kirk.
Maybe we'll get him back.
He was the reason we were a little
tardy getting started today.
We love Kirk.
Technology isn't Kirk's strong suit.
It's not really mine either,
but that's not a criticism.
But we will do our best to get
Kirk back as we proceed.
With that backdrop,
I do want to return to where we
were
at the conclusion of our last program on
returning to the garden.
And by way of introduction,
God's story comes full cycle.
We are going to return to where we
began.
And after sharing the creation account
with us,
of which the fourth day was the most
insightful,
and we got spoke that said that there
would be two individuals,
a greater and lesser luminary,
and they would serve as signs for the
Moedim,
these restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony,
and that he restores his focus on those
same two individuals,
calling them the Etz Chaim, tree of lives,
and the Etz Diath, tree of knowledge.
in the garden and in this story he
tells us about what went wrong with his
relationship with adam there's kirk and
the relationship with adam was uh it was
not good um and what we learned is
that god caused the fall of man because
he wanted humankind to grow up
to accomplish something, to go to work,
to show that we could stand up once
we have fallen,
that we can be productive contributors to
a relationship,
that we're capable of listening and
learning and being responsible.
Because what God really wants of us is
to be able to take us off this
rock,
this protective enclosure that's conducive
to life that we call Earth and explore
the universe together.
It's really big, you know,
two trillion galaxies,
each with a couple of hundred billion
stars,
each with planets and moons and who knows
what else is out there.
And that's only what,
five percent of the universe,
the other
But ninety five percent,
we don't even know how to calibrate it
at this point.
So God's recognizing that, man,
there's a lot of stuff out there.
And right now we we make decisions in
three dimensions.
We're stuck in the ordinary flow of time.
So we we aren't very dangerous people.
other than nuclear bombs and stuff like
that.
But we're here in a three-dimensional
world that is conducive to life for us.
And he wants to explore the entire
universe that he created.
And there's a lot of stuff out there
that's not conducive to life.
And the distances are immense.
And there are things like black holes,
which are really, really dangerous,
and furnaces that we call stars.
And so before we're released to that and
released in six and seven dimensions,
God has a reasonable expectation that we
will listen to his instruction,
that we will respond appropriately,
that we are interested in learning and
that we want to grow based upon our
diligence and benefiting from being taught
and that
we are reliable, we're dependable,
and that we actually want to engage and
make a contribution and can be counted on
to do so, not to be a deadbeat,
not to be a dependent.
Why would God wanna spend an eternity with
someone who is a dependent?
And why would he wanna spend an eternity
with somebody that doesn't do anything,
makes no contribution,
doesn't even wanna listen?
And that was the case with Adam.
And Chawa may have been worse than Adam,
although Chawa was not created for Yahweh.
Adam was.
Chawa was created for Adam as opposed to
for Yahweh.
So it didn't work.
And there was no chance in that protective
enclosure that it was ever going to work.
So Yahweh said, you know,
we're going to find out whether or not
this has any chance of working.
And
It came very close to failing once
already.
That's when those within the Salma,
around the Black Sea,
where the Garden of Eden was,
that region was flooded.
It was an asteroid strike that caused that
upwelling of seawater to Yahweh's
description.
And he regretted having created humankind
and started over again with humans within
the Salma, with the Edebor, the Ark,
and taught us a really valuable lesson
about the Ark.
What would you say, any one of you,
what would you say?
What is the lesson of the ark?
Well, there's the aid in there,
the people that he saved.
I like the way it was designed,
quite frankly.
There's a prophecy in itself.
He recorded what you could do and you
could float in a boat.
We couldn't do that to today.
The naval architecture of the dimensions
of the Ark are very similar to one
of the supertankers today.
It has that kind of stability in terms
of its draft and its beam and its
overall length overall.
It is very similar to that.
And its construction was with glue lamp,
which make it physically possible to have
built it as opposed to much stronger and
much easier to work with solid pieces of
wood.
He talks about how it was sealed with
the resins of the of the day.
And then God loved.
animals and the animals of the region he
wanted to be part of of this process
but i don't think actually that is the
number one lesson lesson of the of the
ark three doors to yahweh well three doors
is interesting yeah there are three uh
doors in the uh the ark uh which
uh signified the three options for human
souls we can listen to yahweh and live
with him forever in shamaim
We can refute him and do as so
many have done by being religious and
political and spend an eternity in Sheol
separated from him,
or our souls simply cease to exist.
That would be true.
And you said... Noah listened to Yahweh.
He didn't argue with him.
He didn't question him.
He listened to him and followed his
instructions.
Ah, that's it.
Yeah, that's the key part of it there.
He listened to what God said,
and then he did what God had asked.
God gave him a set of instructions and
said,
this is what I want you to do.
That took a lot of work.
enormous amount of work to do this.
And it was, you know,
could God have just made a giant boat?
Yeah, here's a giant boat.
Could God have put them on board and
said, you know, happy sailing?
Yes,
but there'd have been no lesson learned
there.
The problem in Eden was they didn't
contribute.
They didn't work.
They were specifically created, Adam was,
to be observant and to work in the
garden,
to collaborate on making it better,
and they did nothing.
So the story of Noah is the solution.
Listen to God and act accordingly,
and you will find salvation.
So that is the primary story of Noah
and the ark.
And God summarizes it by saying that he
in fact listened and that he did
accordingly.
Now there are some other aspects of this.
When God said that he caused the fall
of man in the garden,
what verb did he use?
The fall.
Correct.
And what was the name that God ascribed
to the people with a nesalma outside of
the garden that he was so frustrated with?
Nephilim,
which is simply the plural of this verb
nephal, which means they were the fallen.
And so there is a story here.
Noach was saved from the fall, correct?
Wouldn't that be the insight here?
Israel had another chance,
another bite at this apple, if you will.
When the spies went into the land for
the first time,
somebody from each one of the tribes,
ten of the twelve came out.
And what did they claim that they saw
in the land?
Nephilim.
Right.
They thought that they saw Nephilim and
they were scared spitless of them.
Were there any Nephilim in the land?
No.
They imagined it.
And so they, you know,
just like the origin of religion,
you know,
you see men turned into gods and religion.
That's what they saw on the land.
And God said,
so you've chosen to fall right here on
your faces.
And that's why there's going to be a
pile of corpses right here as a result
of what you have have done.
So there is another lesson in God caused
the fall of man,
and then he showed us the way to
resolve that problem with Noah,
who listened to God, did as he requested,
and actually did some work.
Right?
So there's a beautiful lesson there.
There's another lesson in the Ark, too.
How many humans were aboard the Ark?
Eight.
It's kind of an interesting number,
isn't it?
It appears in a lot of different places.
One of the places that eight is celebrated
is which one of Yahweh's seven Moedim
features eight?
Sukkah.
Sukkah is the one.
And by being seven days plus an eighth
day, what's the message?
Eternity.
Yeah, eternity.
So what does God say that he is
going to do on Teruah relative to the
conditions that we're witnessing now on a
planet that is destroying itself?
What does he say he's going to do
on Teruah?
Wash it all away.
Clean it up.
Clean it up and do what?
Oh, return it to the Gan Eden.
Exactly.
He says he's going to return the earth
to the Gan Eden.
So on Teruah, he cleans it all up,
gets rid of all the religious trash and
conspiratorial trash and mother goddess
trash and religious, political trash,
militant trash, all that kind of stuff.
All goes away.
And he restores the earth to the
conditions that are experienced during
Eden.
He doesn't let us into Eden on that
day because, well,
there'd be very few people that would go
back in and the people that would be
qualified to go back in actually were the
ones that wouldn't need it.
So we have ten days after he does
the transformation and we have purged this
runaway woman of her running away from
Yahweh such that
She is now ready to go back into
the garden prepared.
What happens ten days after Teruah?
Yeah, reconciliation.
You're right.
And what happens on that day?
Reconciliations.
Well, yes.
A couple of fellas show up, don't they?
Big event.
It's Yahweh,
some projection of Yahweh anyway,
is returning with Dov.
Dode is the big honker on this day
because the way that Yahweh works,
he always chooses to work through a
person, and God's person is Dode.
And so Dode is king.
He is returning with Dode.
Dode's seat of honor will be as brilliant
as the sun on this day.
Oh, by the way, what is Dode's throne?
The Ark of the Covenant.
The Ark.
It is.
The Ark of the Covenant is the mercy
seat.
The Ark of the Covenant, Kippur,
happens to be Dode's throne.
And it's going to be as brilliant as
the sun on this day and Yahweh's presence.
Does that mean anything to us?
Anything going to happen with the mercy
seat on this day?
It will be anointed.
It will be.
With what?
Blood of the Adam of Parah and also
of the goat.
Yeah, that would be Yadah and Elia.
He's got a couple of guys.
He's got a couple of guys for everything.
So,
Doe's going to do what he did on,
as he depicted, anyway,
when the Ark of the Covenant is brought
back into Jerusalem and Obed-Edom,
the man from Edom, is...
responsible for the conveyance of the ark
back into its proper place under the tent
of the restoring witness at this point on
the temple mount and uh dode is then
going to anoint it with the bull's blood
and with the blood of the goat the
bull for himself the goat for israel
pretty much the story of the torah right
pretty much yeah and he'll be dressed as
the high priest just as he was in
two samuel six
He'll also be,
the rest of them will be dressed,
ready to go back into Eden because that
is the next step.
So, yeah, you know,
part of this whole process is you can't
be right with God if you're uncomfortable
being exposed to his presence.
I mean,
that is really that's the message of the
rest of Dode being in the altogether
wearing nothing but a very,
very big smile is he was exceedingly
comfortable in God's presence.
And that is precisely what is required
here.
of of us if we're going to return
to uh to eden all right so five
days after dode returns and he's uh
betrothed again to this runaway woman
that's why it was a good song here
what happens then
They have to learn.
They're cleansed,
but they're not educated.
Well, yeah,
and so they cleanse an uneducated remnant
of Yisrael and a remnant of Goyim as
well,
are allowed back into the garden on
Sukkah.
This will be the seventh of October in
twenty thirty three year six thousand.
Yeah,
they're allowed back into the garden at
that time.
And
Why then, what's gonna happen then?
Why do we have prophetically seven days
plus an eighth day and why is it
Eden?
What's the story all about?
What is the prophecy of the Garden of
Eden that replicates itself with sukkah?
And how do we know that sukkah is
synonymous with the Gan Eden?
So let's begin.
Why is sukkah synonymous with the Gan Eden
and our return to Eden?
Sukkot, the verbal root, Sukkot.
That is correct.
Sukkot is the verbal root of Sukkah,
and Gan is based upon the verbal root
of Ghana,
and both of the verbal roots say exactly
the same thing.
sheltered, protected, covered.
And therefore,
this protected and sheltered garden is
where we are going back to.
And God has made it very clear that
he's returning the earth to the conditions
of Eden during Teruah.
And since Sukkah and Gan mean the same
thing,
it's obvious that's the date that we're
being led back in.
What was in the center of Ganyden that
might be there again?
Two trees,
the Tree of Life and the Tree of
Knowledge.
A couple of trees, yep.
The eth of chayim, lives,
and the eth of knowledge.
Why would it be called lives?
Everybody wants to say it's the Tree of
Life, but it isn't.
It's the Tree of Lives.
Why would it be the Tree of Lives?
Three lives.
Dode has three lives.
Well, Dode has three lives.
That's true.
We get two lives.
That's right.
Because the remnants there is,
if they're deemed worthy...
of the tree of lives and we're going
to talk about what would cause them to
be worthy of the tree of lives then
they will get eternal life with yahweh and
they will be released from this sheltered
enclosure that we call the earth and to
explore the universe with yahweh and
inherited from him so for them to do
that
There has to be,
the other tree has to be there,
doesn't it?
Tree of knowledge.
And the tree of knowledge is described by
Yahshua in the seventh, excuse me,
the eleventh chapter of Isaiah as whom?
Yahshua.
He is.
Yeah, the Jodah.
Yeah, the Jodah is.
He actually says it's the Etzah Dayath,
which is the tree of life.
So the seven of the seven spirits of
Yahweh,
two of the seven are Etzah Dayath and
the others all contribute to that.
And so the choter is the tree of
lives, of knowledge.
He is called by Yahweh throughout as
parah, productive.
And God says that he grows from the
adamah.
Have we mentioned anything that would be
associated with an adamah parah?
Parah is productive, yeah.
Yeah,
that is the bloody red man of the
earth who is a productive bull that is
sacrificed on Teruah to make it possible
for these neophytes to enter the Gani Den.
And so...
The idea is seven plus one is the
way the sukkah is set up.
So you have the seventh millennia of man's
existence from the garden.
And that would be from year six thousand,
yeah,
twenty thirty three to thirty twenty
three.
A thousand years later,
we're in this protective enclosure.
we have a thousand years working together
and god says there'd be eight of us
that are responsible for this there's
eight specific people that are are
harvested on shabua uh that are reminded
of on terua and again on suka that
there's eight of us um it's actually the
choter plus uh eight um
who are gonna be part of plucking the
fruit off that tree and feeding it to
this mortal remnant in a way that prepares
them to be like Dode.
Yeah, make good choices.
Yeah, to not only make good choices,
but to work, to be observant, to listen,
to learn, to become reliable,
to show themselves to be interesting and
worthy of being released from this rock of
life to travel the universe with Yahweh.
We have a thousand years to do that.
And as many of the remnant of Yehudim,
Israelites,
and Goyim who capitalize on what we're
offering and teaching,
and we're teaching more than just
knowledge.
We're also teaching a lifestyle of what it
means to work.
What it means to learn,
what it means to fall and get back
up again, what it means to be wrong.
And then when you discover something that
is correct,
moving on with what that's correct and
then building upon it.
It doesn't mean you have to wallow all
over.
But if you look at Dode,
when he was wrong,
you don't find Dode wallowing all over it
or apologizing or rewriting his Mismore.
You just find Dode growing from it and
say, well, that was great.
Let's just move on from there.
So it's a thousand years to get that
right.
And we're going to start with clean
slates.
I'm not going to anticipate how hard that
job is going to be.
You know, in the past,
it's been impossible.
But I think we're going to be really
well prepared to do this.
And in the past, too,
there wasn't a the example was only among
us.
well,
seventy years in the first life of which
we only got to know sixty two of
them with Dode and his first of three
lives.
There was the only one that that wrote
about Dode and his second of three lives
is Dode.
And so he shared some aspects of it
as he filled Pesach, Mots and Mokotem.
But Dode is going to be present and
he's the exemplar.
And let's talk about Dode for a moment,
because
Dode is the very thing that Adam was
not.
And that is the lesson that the world
needs to appreciate about Dode.
Adam did not listen.
Dode did.
Adam did not learn.
Adam is not shown engaging in conversation
with the Iowa.
Dode did.
Adam is not shown doing anything and
making any contribution.
Boy, is Dode ever the exemplar of that.
I mean, he unified Israel,
captured Jerusalem to be the heart of
Israel, reclaiming its natural heart,
acquired the Temple Mount,
wrote the lyrics to about a hundred
Mismore and Michal.
So he is the ultimate lyricist and writer,
teacher in that regard.
The national anthem, if you will,
for the covenant.
He defended Israel on sixty six battles.
And that's that's a man who's doing his
work.
He engaged.
And Dode is the perfect example because he
wasn't perfect.
I should say he is the ideal example.
And the ideal example to Yahweh is not
to be perfect.
Because if we were to try to define
perfect as being God-like,
then God would enter eternity with a bunch
of mini-me's.
Why even go through the human experience
for that?
Right.
And there's nowhere to go but down.
Right, right.
And if you've wanted a mini, you know,
as a person, you want a mini-me,
go talk in front of the mirror and
see how long you can talk in front
of the mirror before you're bored with
yourself.
Right?
You can make it a house of mirrors.
You can be surrounded by mirrors and have
microphones all over echoing what you're
saying.
It's really,
really boring because you're not adding
anything to reflect yourself.
Yeah.
That's one of the myths.
Go ahead.
That's one of the myths that's perpetuated
in Christianity, perfection.
And the mistranslations also that you have
to spotless lamb.
Yeah, it's Kameem, the spotless,
perfect lamb.
You're a medical doctor.
You've seen a lot of people, right?
I certainly have.
Have you ever seen a perfect one?
No.
Have you seen some imperfect ones?
Yeah.
You know,
usually the question you ask sometimes is,
you know,
what's what brings you here today?
What's wrong with you?
But many of my patients,
you have to ask them,
what's right with you?
What do you know?
What part of you is working?
So, you know,
the fact that Adam did not is when
he made a mistake,
he owned up to it.
Absolutely.
Beautifully.
And Adam immediately, not me.
Not me, Matt.
It wasn't my fault.
She gave it to me.
In fact, it's your fault.
You gave her to me,
so it's your fault.
And then she gave it to me,
That's a great point, JB.
Accountability.
Yeah,
I've never heard once where Adam or Chawa
took responsibility for anything.
Doe did, man.
He manned up.
Mm-hmm.
And when Yahweh said more than any other
attribute of Dode that he was Sadak,
right,
and he was vindicated and vindicating,
and yet Dode said,
I have more flaws than I have hairs
on my head.
Is there any chance that God is looking
for perfection?
No.
God said, this is my chosen one.
This is the man that I'm calling my
son.
I'm saying I am his father.
I'm anointing him as the Messiah.
I'm bringing him back as king of
forevermore.
He's going to be Elion in my presence.
He's going to be the very influence of
God.
And yet he wasn't perfect.
Because God's not looking for perfect.
Because, well, if he was,
he'd be really lonely.
And he'd be bored out of his mind
if he actually got it.
Yeah.
So he was never asking for Adam to
be...
Adam was not thrown out of the garden
for being imperfect.
No, just do something, guy.
God, do something.
Make a contribution.
Show that you can think.
Show that you're reliable so that,
you know, if you do make a mistake,
you can own up to it, right?
And he didn't.
Dode did.
Dode engaged.
He made a contribution.
In fact, you can't have a better...
There isn't...
never been a more um wonderful loving
courageous contribution than a man saying
i know what i should do and what
i should do is i should come back
in the second of third lives in uh
in year four thousand yard thirty three ce
and i should serve as the passover lamb
And I'll let my body be killed as
the Passover lamb.
And then I'll do the hardest thing ever.
I'll carry everyone's guilt into Sheol and
I'll deposit it there.
And then I'll become the living embodiment
of what it means to be Bekorah.
And only then is it appropriate for me
to return as king forevermore and lead
this remnant of Yisrael because, well,
clearly I will have earned it.
And I will have earned their respect.
It doesn't get any better than that.
It's the greatest gift bequeathed upon
humankind.
It is.
And was Dode able to come to that
by divine download?
Hardly.
No.
As a matter of fact,
every time we read about it,
it was Dode who said,
I want to do this,
and that he convinced Jawa that it was
the right thing to do.
positive that Yahweh recognized in
choosing Dode that he had this in him,
and that I think he recognized it would
happen.
I'm always cautious, though,
in not doing what so many want to
do.
They want to pretend that God knows
everything.
But if he knew everything,
this whole experience would be a waste of
time.
He specifically has to know how it all
ends up, otherwise we don't get there.
But
The way we process it and get there
has to be entertaining for him.
Otherwise, there's no point to it.
So I'm not certain that he, well,
I'm certain he didn't give Dode the
download.
I know how Dode figured out that he
should be the Passover lamb,
because I figured it out for him.
And if I figured it out,
he could figure it out.
And so he made that,
he listened to God.
He thought about it.
He manned up.
He said, I'll do this.
And he did.
And he did the hardest thing of all,
I think.
I don't think the hardest part was
actually serving as the Passover lamb or
going into Sheol.
You know, I think the hardest part was,
what do you think, Kevin?
Oh, I was going to say matzah.
Going into Sheol with matzah, I think,
that's the thing that would scare me.
Anything else, I think I'd be okay with.
But what do you got?
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, well,
I agree that that's by far the hardest
part and you're going to go into a
black hole and you're trusting the set
apart spirit that has been on you.
part of you since you were eight years
old,
and you're trusting that set-apart spirit
to keep you safe and to release you
ultimately from Sheol.
But I'm going to tell you,
the idea of having your flesh ripped off
your body by Roman flagellum and being
spit at,
and then being tortured on the most
excruciating form of death,
known to humanity uh that's no walk in
the park no um i actually think the
hardest part was him having to witness
what he was going to do a thousand
years before he did it and then write
about it can you imagine writing about the
pain of crucifixion and the anguish of of
going into shiel uh and witnessing it and
writing about it a thousand years before
you would endure it
Somewhere along the way, when you say,
I mean,
maybe we come up with a different plan.
Is there an alternative to this plan?
Actually, it's a brilliant plan.
I'm sure Doe didn't say that because it
is a really brilliant plan.
And the brilliance of the plan is that
by enduring what was less than four to
eight hours,
but we'll call it two days of hell.
Doe earned our respect and God's respect
for eternity and is responsible for all of
us being able to enjoy eternity is
directly because of what Doe did.
So if you look at the
cost-benefit analysis.
Jan and I had a discussion about
cost-benefit analysis not all that long
ago.
And you look at it,
and the first thing you come to is,
well,
the cost-benefit analysis of Dode enduring
these two hellish days versus the
dividends it would pay for everyone,
including for God,
and for all of us who are going
to be there.
It's a pretty good call.
You know, Craig,
somebody this week accused us of being
paid.
Yeah, being paid.
I want to know which one of us
is paid, by the way.
Who is it here that's being paid?
When I move up to fries,
that's when the big bucks start coming in.
Okay, there you go.
But the point is the...
We get by doing whatever we can,
we get the greatest thing at the end
of our lives when we start over.
yes i mean that's the payoff is so
because you you you have your eyes your
father he does all right he appreciates
you which is yes you'll never go you
just ah wow yeah you're never going to
live uh to forget the idea of recognizing
that forevermore yahweh the creator god of
the universe appreciates what we have done
That's the best compensation ever.
Well, he's also giving us the universe.
We're inheriting that.
That's pretty good.
We also get the satisfaction of knowing
that every single person from the doge's
time all the way for the next thousand
years,
every single person who gets to spend an
eternity with the Iowa and gets off this
rock
will have done so because we decided that
we wouldn't be like Adam,
that we would listen, we would act,
we would learn, we would engage,
we'd make a contribution.
And it's that contribution that just as
Dode paid the price,
nobody knew he paid the price until we
shared it.
And so we get the satisfaction of knowing
that every eye that you look into,
forever,
Those people are there because of what we
have done.
Absolutely.
They're all there because talk about a
sense of satisfaction.
So Dode gets it one level above us,
but it isn't that big a difference from
where he is to where we are in
terms of that satisfaction.
To elaborate on what Kirk said,
I had a discussion with you earlier,
Craig,
about this,
the imbecilic post about being paid.
It's actually a gift, the gift of da'at,
the gift of b'nav,
and the investment of shamayim.
Yes.
That's what this is about.
And there is payment, absolutely,
because God is quite clear that we are
receiving an inheritance, right?
And the inheritance that the eight plus
one are receiving in particular is the
inheritance of being able to birth God's
covenant family and offering it to his
son.
If I may, Craig, you mentioned that,
in your opinion, that the hardest thing,
Dode,
may have had to deal with is knowing
a thousand years before it was to
transpire what was going to transpire how
has it affected his Herald to know
approximately ten nine years before to
discover what is going to happen on terua
in two oh three three
Yeah, it was.
It's sobering is what it was.
It was humbling.
It was sobering.
It was the.
Jeff,
I think what you know is that and
all of you would know this,
that I really enjoyed being anonymous and
the only really bitter blow that I've had
in my ongoing now,
it's a twenty four year relationship with
the Iowa.
is when we came upon Chodor for the
first time,
as I was writing the observation series of
books.
And when we came upon Chodor,
it was obvious who God was talking about.
And now we know because he's also the
tree of life.
So it's even more obvious now.
And at that moment,
I realized I'm not going to be anonymous.
The reason that was such a bitter pill,
people clamored for fame in this world.
But I had known what it was like
to be famous because I had taken two
companies public.
I lost my anonymity and became a target.
And I lived in my second company when
I took it public in a small town,
Charlottesville, Virginia,
where the University of Virginia was.
We had by far the most people employed
at my company called Value America.
And it you couldn't go anywhere without
being known.
And being a public figure is really
uncomfortable.
I mean,
I had a fourteen page cover story in
Businessweek written about me and they
didn't get anything right other than spell
my name.
But it doesn't change the fact as a
public figure,
people can say whatever they want to about
you at their scenario.
And it's it's blistering.
It's it's a.
horrible experience if god had told me
when we first met uh by the way
you're going to do this and uh and
you're going to be a public figure in
doing it i probably would have done worse
than moshe did and uh and just walked
away and said nah you got the wrong
guy here uh that was it was a
bitter pill i i will tell you that
and and then you you get to the
point where there's
Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds,
countless hundreds of these affirmations.
And somewhere along the way, it's just,
you know, you need a man of God.
What you have to say is that God
expects more of you than you thought you
had to offer.
And he's trusting you to do this.
He's going to give you the people to
support you.
And you're going to get it done.
It needs to be done.
And this is the job.
And just man up.
It's a limited period of time.
You can do this job.
And I was good with that after a
while.
And then...
I'll never forget when I was reading back
in Yashaya about this,
now the seventeenth chapter,
coming to appreciate more of what it said,
and there was para there.
It's true, it's fruitful.
It's para.
I said, oh my God.
Leah was with me, and she says,
you know what this means?
I said, yeah, I know what it means.
And I had...
Just immediately, we went to Numbers,
the Adam of Perah.
It means you're it.
And then it wasn't that moment that I
realized how brutal it was going to be.
But now I've read the prophecies.
I've seen the event.
It's every bit as brutal as what
And so your question was,
how does it make you,
how do you respond to that sort of
thing?
That you're being asked to do that.
And we actually are not being asked.
You're not, you know,
Dode volunteered and sold God on the
process.
I stumbled upon it.
Um, um,
part of the process I'm sure is that,
you know,
my role isn't as important as doubt and
it's okay that I stumbled upon it,
but I did, I just stumbled upon it.
Um, my, to answer your question,
it took a long time to get here
and I apologize for the telling the story
of the long way,
but I don't know of any other way
to give it meaning, but my,
my initial response was a twofold.
One is I felt.
a sense of calm that God would have
enough trust in me that I would actually
do this.
To have God write you into the story
that way and say that this is something
exceedingly brutal,
And God thinks you're capable of doing it
or he wouldn't have written the story this
way because you can't flake out now, man.
This is the way the story reads.
So my first response was, wow, okay.
If that's what you think of me,
then I need to live up to that
expectation.
And the second response is that the moment
I read that,
my life changed for the second time.
It changed when I read Choder and all
of a sudden,
now this wasn't just opportunity,
it was responsibility.
And when you read that you're going to
make the sacrifice that's going to purge
the final remnant of Yisrael,
and then you're going to be part of
the team that teaches that remnant so that
they can get off this planet and live
up to God's expectations,
the next thing that strikes you is give
it your all.
Don't cheat one moment.
Give it your all.
Start early, finish late.
Do this as diligently as you possibly can.
When you get to the end,
you want to be able to look God
in the eye and say, I did.
I gave it my all.
The reason I mention this, Craig,
is I think it's important for covenant
members and non-covenant members to
and anybody with two neurons to realize
what this mission entails.
Also,
how you were cultivated from a very young
age, just as Moshe was,
steeped in Christianity, value America.
Then you went into...
Politics.
Yeah, and then we started in Islam, yeah.
That was very political, too.
You were just brought along,
and I don't think it was a coincidence
the way you were brought along.
And to cut to the chase is that
without you, you know,
you're the fulcrum upon which the tree of
lives gets accessed and realized.
You know what?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's not a soul knows.
We even spoke about the malcontents that
are mocking the commitment that we have
here and the value of the Yadda Yadda
series, which you see all around me.
And they have annulled the whole idea of
Dode serving as the Passover lamb and are
mocking it.
And these are people who were once in
the know.
And I think that God is, we know,
that if you were once religious,
I was religious.
I was political.
Most of us were.
And that if you go from being religious
and you stop it and stop being political
and you listen to Yahweh and you go
where his words lead and you're willing to
grow with him and be responsible and act,
appropriately.
What you've done in the past,
the moment you stop doing it,
when you become part of his family,
it's all forgotten.
So you start and you're looking ideal.
Yeah, ideal from God's point of view.
But it's a whole different story to have
been exposed to all this,
to have been part of it,
and then to turn your back on it.
Right, like you didn't learn anything.
You beg your
You've shown that you can't be trusted.
Yeah.
And on that situation,
there's no there's no point of coming back
because if you were exposed to it and
then you turned against it,
God's message and plan,
then he knows he can't trust you.
So maybe that's why they're so fixated on
on hashtagging my name.
and parlaying on that to draw attention to
themselves and fixated on just condemning
everything because they've condemned
themselves.
So it's kind of like Satan.
Satan's going to spend eternity in Sheol.
Misery loves company.
So the more that he can have along
with him,
the happier he is with the whole process.
And I think maybe that's what's driving
them.
It is a tough process.
tough thing to uh accept uh and the
when you get a little tired sometimes you
realize that uh you know guys we've got
um eight years plus a thousand years left
before we're uh retired yeah i'm i'm uh
you know if you uh add uh uh
the the four of you guys and uh
and rich here for five
And we certainly have Leia.
And there's one woman in particular that
has been really remarkable and consistent
is Mariah.
And you're looking at the cast of
characters as they were described on
Shibuya.
And we're getting really close to the team
that Yahweh said, this is it.
And I'm counting on you.
So, you know,
we've got responsibility going forward.
Yeah, and we're going to toe the line.
I have not heard one iota of anybody
saying, you know, no,
it's asking too much.
It's always, no, I'm in it.
I'm here.
You know,
I want to make that contribution.
we have others that are really exceedingly
helpful, you know,
like
Mike makes such huge contributions to the
show in the background,
a huge benefit fact checking.
We're going to have Mike.
I don't want to have him on this
program if we just get too many people
and nobody has enough time to express
themselves,
but really love to get Mike on a
show.
And I want to hope that my good
friend Joe kind of gets back in gear.
And he's been hugely effective in getting
the books published and getting the site
built.
But I would love for my friend Joe,
because I've gone through a lifetime with
him.
It's somebody that I know you can depend
on because he's an extraordinary
individual,
a man that I deeply love and appreciate.
And so you want to have this core
that
We know that we can trust one another
and we'll get this job done and we
will live up to the expectations because,
well, we're not in charge.
Right at the moment, we are.
But we won't be in eight years.
We're second tier.
And boy, is that ever an advantage?
Sign me up now.
So we go and we become the second
team under Dode.
But Dode's no dummy.
He learned from the best.
Yahweh delegates everything.
He's really good at delegation.
Dode's going to delegate too.
So this is what we'll be expecting going
forward.
And it is a marvelous job.
So these two trees are,
branches are intertwined.
It's why the Choder is a stem and
why Dode is called the Shemek,
the great branch.
And it's why the presentation of the
Choter and Yahshua Levin speaks of his
roots.
And it talks about him being para,
being productive, and why he's called,
based upon the spirits of Yahweh,
the etzah dayath,
which is the tree of lives.
And given intelligence, chokmah,
given understanding, benah,
giving the very spirit of Yahweh so that
you can speak for Yahweh and having a
great respect for Yahweh.
But, you know, Dode,
second to being Saddak, right?
The other thing about Dode that made him
special is that God's second most commonly
used attribute of Dode was Gabor.
Man had courage.
Man had character.
Man had grit.
He had confidence.
And that's one of the seven spirits of
Yo.
It's the one that sits right neatly
between Etzah and Dayath.
Number five.
You need to have lots and lots of
number five.
Yeah.
Ruach number five is what we'll call it.
It's the scent of confidence.
You know, on a bull,
it would be a Furmon.
Leah has been studying bulls lately
because Yahweh chooses his metaphors
because they convey messages that he once
conveyed.
And the role that I've been asked to
play is that of a bull.
And Gaborah is very bullish.
It is confidence, character,
being forceful.
And combative when need be.
And combative.
Yeah, absolutely combative.
Gabor is a fighter,
one who engages in the battle.
And so this is our calling.
This is why Leia's song, Runaway Woman,
is just so perfect because we're not here
for us.
Our ticket's already punched.
We get the inheritance.
We get to spend eternity with Yahweh.
Our ticket's punched.
So we're not doing this for us.
Other than satisfaction,
we're not going to gain anything by making
this contribution.
But the satisfaction goes a long way.
Yahweh is so good about
the preparation of us and then sharing
credit when we do anything that's
worthwhile.
He's just somebody I don't want to
disappoint.
Yeah.
I think it was pretty remarkable,
you know,
the ets and etsa advice and counsel tying
right into
Tree of knowledge.
Yeah,
and it's the just as the tree is
made of paper and these books are printed
on the pulp of paper and just as
trees are productive and there's nothing
more productive in our world than words
wielded wisely.
They bring more fruit than anything else.
Just like the tree that you drew,
it's rooted in the rock beside the sea.
And it is productive and it stands up
against the storms.
And the test of time.
And here we are.
I think the one thing that we'll get
to explore later,
it's certainly hinted at,
is that souls are undervalued bodies are
overvalued you know we look and say you
know that's kevin that's uh that's uh jeff
that's jb that's kirk that's rich over
there that's uh craig right here you know
we look at faces and bodies and where
that's what we think we are that's what
people think we are but it isn't
Our physical bodies are decaying and
they're useless to us.
They're replaceable tools.
The only it matters is our nephesh souls.
And a nephesh soul is energy-based.
And so when you take your energy,
your nephesh soul as Yahweh will,
and it's enveloped in radiant energy and
light,
which is that transformative effect of the
fire as we approach it during the Moed
Mikra.
And we then have our nephesh surrounded by
energy and light.
All of a sudden, things change.
We're empowered.
E equals MC squared.
And you're able to go back and forth
from physical to energy with E equals MC
squared.
Just in the energy state,
it's so much greater.
You are empowered.
Unleashed in time.
Time is no longer a constraint.
And so if on a photon of light,
time simply is.
And that's why Yahweh can be precisely
accurate in prophecy.
He is not predicting the future.
He's reporting on future history.
He has witnessed our future in our past
and reported our future to us previously.
Well,
the same thing is true with us when
our souls are enveloped in light.
It's why Dode was able to witness his
own fulfillment of Pesach, Matzah,
and Bokoram and report to us a thousand
years before he endured it,
now nearly three thousand years ago,
of what would occur,
being precise about how he would suffer
crucifixion at that time.
You know, Craig,
you get to join that unique club.
I am, I was, I will be club.
That is correct.
We are becoming more like Yahweh when
we're enveloped in light energy.
And what I'm getting at is that we
will no longer be stuck in the ordinary
flow of time.
And just as Yermaya made it clear that
Yahweh knew him before he was born and
Dode made the same comment,
and it's important that Dode made that
comment,
Because I do think that Yahweh,
with the souls of those that he wants
to be enablers of his story,
that he's known those souls for a very
long time.
And that Yahweh has no issue in bringing
them back and forward in time to
accomplish aspects of his story along the
way.
And I think that's one of the things
that we're going to learn is that God
has known us for a very long time.
And he has come to be confident in
our ability to carry this out.
And we have become confident in his
ability to enable us to do so.
That's a...
a marvelous collaborative effort.
And it's one of the things that I
don't think most people have an
appreciation of with God.
And you're right,
I see so many feeds of atheists trying
to mock the religious God.
And what they don't understand is that
If God had done for humanity what he
did ever so briefly before the children of
Israel,
which is to appear as fire in their
presence and speak directly to them with
their booming voice,
the likelihood is that humankind would
have responded the same way as the
Israelites do,
which is we're scared to death.
We cannot handle being exposed to you.
It's just the whole story of the naked
in the garden before and after ignoring
God's advice.
Before ignoring God's advice,
they were comfortable being exposed.
Dode was comfortable in God's presence.
He was comfortable being exposed.
They were not comfortable being exposed to
God.
They thought they were going to die.
And I think humankind at all,
seeing Yahweh, would run.
I don't think you actually become
comfortable with God until you remove him
from a pedestal.
You don't remove him,
which you say you don't see him on
a postal.
When you start seeing God as an enabler,
as someone who is working with you,
someone who is supporting you,
someone who is trying to help you get
this done, as someone who is approachable,
then you start feeling comfortable in his
presence.
And this is such an essential part of
where we are and what we're trying to
do is to convey that sense of confidence
we're comfortable in god's presence we're
comfortable with who we are what he wants
to achieve with us and and over the
next eight years and then a thousand years
after that we are going to get it
done and you know i'm just thrilled at
the pace too that we can learn uh
you know we're boy look what's happened in
these last few months you know
It's,
it's so exciting to be where we are
and to have so many things fit together
so beautifully.
And yet there've been no challenges and
I'm,
Struggling from a little glitch.
Rich was a great musician,
and now the hands don't work like they
once did.
It's only a matter of time.
It's only a matter of time,
making it go.
And, you know, Kirk,
you've got a great smile there,
but you're a little under the weather at
the moment.
And, you know,
we all have our aches and pains.
Dr. Jeff,
you came out of a pretty tough period
not too many years ago.
Right.
We've all had them.
And even JB,
you've gone through a rough patch here and
there.
I know I have.
And part of proving that we can get
up and have the wherewithal to get going
and show that we're reliable.
You know, Craig, you just described,
you know, in the loving way,
Yah is just the penultimate Abba,
the penultimate Father.
He is.
Absolute antithesis of a Baal and the
ridiculousness of resurrection, the body.
Yeah, with the souls.
Yeah, it's a soul.
The whole Christian concept of a
resurrected God in an empty tomb is
ludicrous.
I mean,
the last thing you want is to go
back to a body.
What you're trying to do is be free
of this body.
The universe is not accessible to anyone
in a physical body.
You can't even send a physical probe out
to the next star.
It's just never going to get there.
They're touting, well, there's, you know,
possible that there's life on a planet
kind of like Earth.
Maybe we think possibly that's, well,
four daylight years or maybe it's twenty
light years.
OK, well, that's.
four hundred thousand years to get there
at the fastest we could possibly go being
exposed to cosmic rays all the way.
And oh, by the way,
people don't live four hundred thousand
years in their present bodies.
So what on earth are you talking about?
Why even discuss the possibility that it's
out there when you can't get there?
And so long as we have physical bodies,
we have to get rid of these things
to to be able to soar with you,
which is why the whole process that God
is offering is so powerful.
marvelous and you know that's the um
that's the payment that is the reward that
is and it's we're not doing it for
the payment of the reward we're actually
doing it because it's the right thing to
do yeah it's fun too it is it
is fun um you know i'm i love
learning you know the translations and
then and then when you get to uh
now in real time we get to share
yeah it's really cool
That's my favorite part.
I know, JB,
I told you that when you started
translating,
that you'd probably find the same thing I
did.
You can't just present the translation.
People have had access to the material for
three thousand years and it hasn't made a
tinker's damn worth of difference.
It's what you can learn from it that
matters.
And as soon as you've done the translation
and you've seen insights and made
connections,
the part that's burning in you is to
share it.
First thing you want to do.
The first thing you want to do.
And it's your job is not complete until
you have done it.
And that's the joy of the whole thing.
And that's actually what God is looking
for.
He is looking for us to have this
sense of adventure.
Through his words now and his willingness
to engage and, you know,
all the way through he is constantly
calling Moshe and Dode, for example,
these are my co workers.
That's the thing I was trying to get
to a moment ago is that
God is not going to be this big,
booming voice to get our undivided
attention and perform a bunch of miracles,
because if he did so,
he would be undeniable.
What good is that?
Then there's no free will involved.
Everybody's either going to be intimidated
or run away or say, well...
You know, do me.
Yeah, do me.
But no, he's got to prove his existence,
which he does through prophecy
beautifully.
Then give us a roadmap as to how
to get from here to there and then
trust us to navigate it.
And once we find those directions to have
the compassion towards others to share
what we've learned and recognize that we
have to have courage to do it because
man doesn't like that very much.
And it's much more comfortable with false
gods.
Men are much happier listening to men lie
to them than they are to have God
tell them the truth.
And so God has chosen from that
experience.
He announced it with the children of
Israel.
He says, I'm good with that.
I will not speak directly to you again.
I will not meet with you directly again.
I will work through people.
And all along,
he has found people that he thought was
interesting to get this job done.
And here we are.
You know, somebody wants to say,
there's a whole cult out there that wants
to, I mean,
their whole purpose now is to say,
not you, not true.
They're not offering anything other than
negating not you, not true.
But the fact of the matter is this
was the only means that God had under
the plan that he outlined to get us
from here to there.
And he's gone three thousand four hundred
and fifty years without a relationship
with his people.
They erased his name.
They negated everything regarding his
beloved son.
They have treated him with tremendous
disrespect.
They have foregone the covenant
relationship because they preferred to be
religious.
You know, Craig,
to do what's right as opposed to doing
what's popular and convenient.
is the bane of human existence nobody in
this almost three thousand year period has
done the deep dive that you have done
uh i know i talk about it with
leia sometimes it's like a lazy way to
do analysis of what's been around for all
this time and then it's all yeah it's
always been there it's just no one has
done what we have done
But you need to have that Ruach number
five in order to pull it off.
Because you're going to have so many darts
and arrows flung at you, et cetera.
Yep.
And that's part of it, too.
Because God chose the Israelites.
They rejected him.
He has a fractured family.
He has dealt with a fractured family from
the beginning.
And so he has...
Now,
six thousand years of dealing with
fractured family,
four thousand with Israel and and six
thousand overall with humankind.
And so if you're going to represent him,
you can't do it without empathy.
And you can't have empathy.
By the way,
this job can't be done without empathy.
If you don't care for other people,
you can't do this job because this job
takes oodles of empathy.
And you can't have empathy for God's
plight with his people if you've not had
to endure an insider rebellion.
What did Abraham have to deal with?
You know, Sarah's fight against Hagar,
right?
And, you know,
and the fight between Ishmael and Ishak.
Then you go forward in time and look
at Moshe.
His own sister turned against him and then
his brother turned against him.
And then all of the Israelites turned
against him.
You couldn't have a man suffer from more
insider rebellion than he did.
And then look at Dode.
His son led a coup against him.
His people tried to run him out of
town.
Their choice of king tried to kill him.
Michaela.
Michaela, yeah.
She said, you know,
the same thing that the mother goddess
says, you know, you're making all this up.
God hasn't designated you for anything.
And all of these titles,
all of this acclaim,
all of the things that you claim are
true about you and Yahweh,
you've made them all up.
And no.
And the same response to Miriam.
God says, no,
I know exactly what I'm doing here.
And I'm speaking through him and not you.
And the same thing was true with Dode.
And so until you have an insider
rebellion,
you're just not going to have the empathy
to do this.
When God announced his divorce with
Israel,
who did he announce his divorce with?
Hosha.
What was unique about Hosha among all
prophets?
He married Gomer.
Temple prostitute, yeah.
A religious prostitute, right?
So if you're going to have a guy
that's going to have empathy for what it's
like to be married to a religious whore
in Israel,
wouldn't you have the person that's going
to pronounce your divorce marry a
religious whore so he'd have empathy?
How come Israel never figured that out?
You know,
why is Israel not understand that the
adulterous woman of numbers five is them?
Because they're religious.
You know,
the whole introduction to that is goddamn
religion.
How do you not get it?
You know,
when the Choders finally introduced in
Isaiah, Isaiah, you know,
the first ten chapters of Isaiah are all
goddamn religion.
You guys are disgusting.
This religion of yours is repulsive.
Oh, that's not us now.
That's not us.
Craig,
how about the way how brilliant Yacht is
in that he brings it full circle.
It began with the Goy.
Excuse me, the chosen people, Yehudim.
It's the Goy who brings them home.
It is.
It's just so amazing.
Obviously, Adam and Chawa were Goyim,
not Yehudim.
And obviously,
Nowak and his wife and his sons and
their wives, they were Goyim.
They were not Yehudim.
And then we're dealing with Abraham and
Sarah.
They're from Babylon.
They're most certainly not Yehudim.
Yeah, they're Chaldeans.
They're Babylonians.
And then you finally get to Abraham and
they're the...
God is saying that we're going to create
this covenant,
but the first son of the covenant,
he's not Yisrael either.
He's Jacob.
Giggles.
And then you go and Jacob has a
couple of kids and there's a family
reunion.
I mean, a family split right there.
The eldest son is kept from his birthright
by a conniving mother.
And Esau,
his mother cheats him out of his
birthright.
And so fractured family again.
And then it's Jacob that gets the
blessing.
And then Jacob has the twelve sons of
become Yisrael.
But boy,
did he ever have a fractured family.
I mean, look at all of the...
the antagonism and infighting between his
wives and the concubines.
And then when the kids are finally off
on their own,
they go and sell one of their brothers
into slavery and they go and trick the
neighbors into being circumcised.
And once they're hurting from
circumcision,
they go and pummel them and rob them.
I mean, this did not start off well.
And then you have the Exodus,
and they all want to tell God to
go to hell.
We don't ever want to see you again.
We don't want to hear from you again.
We want to be religious.
We want to go back to Mitzrayim.
It's been nothing but a disaster.
But you're right.
Every person in God's story
early in the Torah, all the way through,
you get to the point of Jacob.
And Jacob himself is not a Israelite
either.
But it's only his sons that are called
Israelites.
And so everybody prior to that is a
Goy.
Yeah.
And the Israelites were chosen for the
covenant, except for one thing.
They didn't choose God back.
And God said that he searched to find
a single person among the Israelites that
would listen to him.
And you know what he found over this
chasm of time?
Zero.
Yeah, zero.
The last was Michael.
Not Michael, but... Malachi.
Malachi.
Yeah, Malachi.
Thank you.
My messenger.
Malach and when it says Malachi would be
my messenger.
And so Malachi, Yoel, Yahweh is God.
Zachariah, the most memorable of men.
Those were the last three prophets.
And after them,
we have two thousand five hundred years.
And God said he couldn't find a single
one, not one.
And so he he has gone full circle,
just like where we began in the garden.
We're coming back to the garden.
He started with a guy who's going to
finish the story with a guy.
I mean, that's why he presents, you know,
the story of the observant foreigner,
this knackery.
We always think, well,
it began because our first recognition of
it was in Second Chronicles six.
So we always think it's Solomon's speech
on a teruah in front of the first
temple right after it is then completed
and it is now being dedicated.
And he speaks of the role that this
observant foreigner is going to play in
the last days to bring Israel home.
And so we always think that's the
introduction of
Hanakri,
one of the most important prophecies
that's given by God.
But that's not where he first appears.
You know where Hanakri is first
introduced?
In Genesis.
Devarim, verse twenty-nine.
That is correct.
In the Torah.
Deuteronomy,
the twenty ninth chapter is where the
Hanukkah is introduced,
which is why Solomon did not have to
explain who he was to the children of
Israel.
He's right there in the Torah.
And so God told Israel that he is
going to come full circle,
the eighteenth chapter of Deuteronomy.
of Dabarim Deuteronomy is all about Dode.
Dode's the man,
and we're gonna accomplish this through
Dode.
And he even begins the Torah,
the first chapter.
You can't get earlier than the first
chapter of the first book of the Torah,
right?
And he's telling you the story about the
greater and the lesser luminaries.
They're both, from God's point of view,
terrific.
But the greater luminary, Dode,
and the lesser luminary reflects his
light.
They both serve as signs
of the Moedim,
of the restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony.
It's obviously prophetic of these two
individuals and the work they're going to
do together.
And then you turn to the second chapter,
that's about as close to the beginning as
you can get again.
And he's introducing them again as the two
trees in the garden.
With dote being the tree of lives and
the lesser luminary being the tree of
knowledge that leads you back to them.
You know, it's pretty darn hard to miss.
And you even look at when Yahweh is
communicating with Abraham.
And he says, all right,
we're going to do this covenant thing.
And the first meal that they have together
is, you know, God says,
here are the fellows that are going to
make all this happen.
And he has the ram, the bull,
and the goat.
And then.
all the way through Chara,
which we call Leviticus,
called out when you go through the Moed
Micrae.
Who are the characters?
The ram, the bull and the goat.
And then in Numbers fifteen,
after the children of Israel have done the
the ultimate blunder and they said,
we don't want to go into the promised
land.
We want to go back to Mitzrayim and
be slaves.
We don't want what you're offering us.
And God said, OK, well,
everybody over twenty, you're dead.
Just over for you.
I don't want to be around you either.
And then his first presentation to the
under-twenty crowd, what do we call it,
Gen Z today,
his first presentation to them is,
I want you to listen up.
I got three guys.
There's the ram, there's the bull,
and there's the goat.
And collectively,
those three guys are going to be the
three primary symbols and three men that
I'm gonna carry out this story.
And he even goes all the way through
this final remnant.
And he says, you know,
the bull in this story,
he's good for something,
but not good for everything.
He can resolve guilt of omission,
not commission.
because God's going to already have purged
the earth of the overtly religious,
political, militant, conspiratorial,
anti-Semitic.
It's only those who are victims of those
things, but not perpetrators of them,
that the ash and the waters and the
fires pursuant to the Adam of Perak can
purge.
And he tells you the whole story right
there in Numbers fifteen.
So the story is everywhere.
And Numbers eleven,
when Dode gives up and said, God,
these people are impossible.
I do not want this job.
Why do you hate me?
Why did you give me this miserable job?
Why don't you just kill me?
Because I can't do it.
You know, that's very clear right there.
I've got a couple of guys.
I don't don't worry about it.
You know, it's Eldote.
Well, the Almighty is beloved.
And my Dode is his companion, his friend.
This is not a secret that God has
laid all of this out for us and
that he described the tree of Dyat as
the tree of knowledge and the Choder or
that Dode makes it very clear that he
is the one and in the body maintain,
he is the prominent one who restores life
and he is the tree of lives.
So it's all there.
It was always there all the time.
Dode's Mismore proclaim,
particularly the twenty second.
Well, actually,
the first six are overwhelming.
Plus twenty two, eighty eight,
eighty nine, one oh three.
They all proclaim that Dode is our savior
and that he and Yahweh are in like
mind in the eighty eighth.
God goes all in with Dode.
So it's always been there.
know i bring up what i bring up
uh is a bias here because as a
yahood uh and how adverse i am to
rabbinic judaism i just find it so
deliciously ironic that the uh obit edom
you think about that relationship to isa
comes to bring it home brings you around
and puts it right in the right in
the face of you know whom
Yeah,
the person that God was so frustrated
with,
because he went off and interwed with
Ishaq's, not Ishaq's,
but Ishmael's daughters,
and is really the forefather of what
became Islam,
and it's such an egregious thing to God's
people.
And his name, Esau,
has him be the hairy and bloody red
one,
which is symbolic of
The Caesars are the hairy ones is what
Caesar means and Rome was bloody red.
And so God is using that as a
metaphor for this is really bad.
But the bottom line is that Esau was
cheated out of his birthright,
fractured family.
and by calling this man from Edom in
the sixty-third chapter of Yahshua and to
Samuel six,
the Obed-Edom as the one who repositions
the Ark of the Covenant and who is
the one according to Yahshua who saves
many.
The story is that it is a non-Yisraelite.
that rectifies the inheritance of the
family that was rejected through Esau
brings the family back whole again,
cures that rift.
It's a marvelous way that God tells the
story and the metaphors and all the
symbolism and we just need to get more
Israelites to listen, right?
Can I say something real quick?
Sure, absolutely.
Well, I just, you know,
as we're accused of it,
I'm looking at this list.
You know,
I don't know how to debate against that.
I really don't.
You have to be stupid to say, okay,
I'm going to put up a good argument
that this is nonsense, and you're not.
I mean, come on, where do you go?
Oh yeah,
I love the idea that you block people
and you're not willing to debate them
because you're blocking them from your
site.
I think that I made it really clear
very early on that I don't suffer fools
well.
And I learned very early on that you
never debate an idiot.
You want to debate an idiot.
You are an idiot because that is a
really stupid thing to do.
If you have if you know that somebody
has access to information,
which they do to know the truth,
and yet you involve yourself one on one
with them to try to steer them to
the truth when they're trying to steer you
away from it.
That is an absolute waste of time.
Now,
that doesn't mean you don't deal with
them.
that you do.
Uh,
we did a series of shows on them
and we, and I've, uh,
it's a hundred page document that was, uh,
presented on the Facebook, uh,
site that goes through.
Yeah.
Was retort to their stupidity.
So,
We did counter them.
Yahweh countered them.
We used Yahweh's evidence to counter them.
But we're just not going to debate stupid.
I mean,
if you're that stupid that you can go
from being part of the greatest
opportunity in human history to be
smirching it,
you are really too dumb to be around.
We're not trying to win you back.
We're delighted that you're gone.
I don't wanna be around people this
malignant, this stupid.
So the separation is wonderful.
We'll celebrate the separation.
Thank God it happened and that they're
gone and that we have nothing to do
with them forevermore.
But they ought to be really careful about
this idea of blocking because I can tell
you something that I have blocked
And that is their access to ever be
anywhere near us or near Yahweh or near
Dode for all eternity.
Wow.
There's a block for you.
God doesn't let separate fools any better
than I do.
It follows Yah's example.
What does Yah do to deal with a
leprous woman?
Yeah, isolation.
Yeah.
Hello.
Isolation, separation.
And with Miriam, who said, oh,
I too speak for God,
it did not end well because God not
only used Miriam as the example for
divorce, you know, and Dabarim,
when her name comes up the last time,
it is as an example of divorce.
That is not what you want when you're
trying to reconcile a relationship with
Yahweh.
But the worst episode in the history of
the Israelites took place at what's called
the waters of Meribah, right?
Meribah is based on Miriam's name,
is it not?
Do you know how Yahweh identified the
location of the waters of Meribah and why
it's called the waters of Meribah?
Because guess who's buried there?
Oh, Miriam.
Miriam.
The bitterness oozed right up from the
ground where she was.
So, no,
there's certain things there's just no
coming back from.
And this is an example.
By the way,
when I saw this post and how totally
repulsive it was, their attitude.
just rude, ignorant, irrational, stupid,
moronic.
You saw that.
And my first response is posted on the
site just to remind people this is how
dumb people can really be.
I said, yeah, I don't want to,
in fact, at the beginning of the show,
I said, guys, I really,
I don't have a problem bringing it up
if it comes up as an example,
as a learning experience.
But other than that, let's let it lie.
Because they don't mean squat to me
anymore.
In fact, I'm delighted that they're gone.
But they do mean something to you.
Yama is not going to let this lie.
And for lots of reasons.
One is that he needs us to have
that empathy.
He needs us to know what it's about
because that's the issue with Israel.
That's what we're trying to resolve right
now in Israel.
We can't appreciate how difficult it is to
resolve that fractured family with Israel
without having a taste of this.
So God wants us to know about it.
And he wants us to know that he's
written many prophecies about it,
specifically how we are to deal with it
based upon how he dealt with it.
So that part of it, I think,
is really reassuring and enjoyable.
And I love what we can learn from
this.
And sharing with everybody what we can
learn from it, I think,
is exceedingly valuable at this time.
But, you know, as a group,
there's like eight real active
participants in their We Hate Craig and
Yada Yada page.
You know, it's like...
How many followers?
I mean,
it's just there may be seventy in the
whole one group,
but there's there's less about a half a
dozen that, you know,
that like to speak out all the time,
maybe twelve total that.
Yeah.
So seventy total and of them,
eight to twelve that are that are active
little malignant demons.
Well, their group,
they're not all loyal to them either.
No.
So anyway,
there's people in that group of the
seventy that are actually helpful because
I get feedback.
But it is important.
God would not have told us the story
of what Dode's wife, Michal,
had to say if it wasn't important to
God for us to know that.
It would not have been important for God
to expose the rift between Sarah and Hagar
if it wasn't important for us to know
that.
It wouldn't have been valuable to God to
tell us about the rift between Miriam and
how he dealt with it and Moshe unless
it was important for us to know it.
There's no reason for him to tell us
that he had Hosha marry a temple
prostitute unless it was important for us
to learn a lesson from it, right?
And the same thing is true here.
It wouldn't have any value if it wasn't
for the lesson that we can learn from
it and the empathy we can draw from
it.
And this understanding,
this is a really small club.
In the garden,
there were two and then there were none.
And it was all the way to Noach
again before there were eight.
and then you have to go to Abraham
and Sarah, and there were two,
and then the two became three,
and then three ultimately became twelve,
and, you know, that was a start.
It didn't play out very well for a
very long time, but, you know,
God's not looking for a
Adam,
to show that it is possible for a
man to work with God,
to earn God's trust,
to listen to him and respond
appropriately, to fail and then succeed.
Dode.
There weren't a whole lot of people around
Dode that were on the same page,
were there?
Not at all.
No.
So it's, you know,
when God went through the prophets,
there's only like twenty of these guys
that really have a significant amount to
say about Yahweh.
Not a lot of people.
It's a small club.
You know,
we're going to have a chance to make
that club significant come Teruah,
Kippurim and Sukkah.
I will have a thousand years to work
on it, but at this point,
it's a small club.
There's a reason that God speaks in such
small numbers about all of this,
but that's fine.
I don't think God's at least been
concerned about the numbers.
Yeah, it's quality.
It's not quantity.
And the quality of that relationship is
really ascertained more
from what we learned in the garden of
what Adam was not, and what Dode was.
It's that comparison between those two
individuals that tell us what God wants
and what he didn't want.
And so the what he wants is listen,
respond, engage,
contribute and show that you are reliable
by when you make a mistake or you
trip that you not only get back up,
but you learn from the experience,
you grow from it and go on from
there.
God's looking for people that are
interesting that he can rely on.
He can trust that he wants to share
eternity with.
And so we actually have the opportunity to
earn God's trust by listening to what he
had to say and responding appropriately
and then sharing it.
That is why we're here.
So we didn't get to a single statement.
From the garden.
We were headed back to Baba Rashid's two
and nine.
Maybe I should read it just so that
we can say we did.
We can tease it for episode three.
We did.
So I will share it and then we
can feel that we did it.
But I think that sharing the entire story
purpose of that story and what it means
to us now and what it means to
everyone who is listening that wants to be
part of forevermore is the essence of what
god is explaining here and i don't think
there's anything we can share that's more
important than that but here's yahweh's
words it says yahweh who is god almighty
he enabled life to sprout up and grow
from ha adamah
And ha-adamah, you can say,
is the ground and the earth, the soil.
But it's also the Hebrew word for man
and red.
And so it is the term that Yahweh
uses before parah to speak of this bloody
red man of the earth who is a
productive and fruitful bull.
The entire tree,
it was written and singular tree, etz,
productive upright life with firmly
embedded roots and branches which reach up
to garner the light of the sun.
It's from etza and etza written the same
way to provide counsel and advice through
diligence and effort on the entirety of
the plan for the purpose of developing a
backbone overcoming challenges to advocate
the proper response.
no matter how painful at times,
while even risking being shut out on
occasion,
because what you're saying is an open
defiance of the schemes of authority
figures.
That's etz and etza.
He is delightful according to God.
He is desirable.
He's pleasing.
He is fruitful.
And you can say it is if you
wanted to, but it's written as he is.
And God is speaking of this,
the symbolism of the tree,
and he's happy with him.
He says, you know, he's delightful.
He's desirable.
He's pleasing.
He's fruitful.
He's delivering a productive and treasured
harvest.
So God's all in.
He's saying, you know,
you're doing a good job.
This is what we want it done.
And he says he's visually portraying that
which is clear and comprehensible.
conveying a revelation.
This is ,
which is God saying that this is a
revelation from God.
It's a phenomenal vision to ponder the
implications of what can be witnessed,
ra'ah, and as a beneficial and good,
productive and pleasing thing to consume
for nourishment.
Ha-etz, the tree of Ha-shamim, of lives,
of renewal and restorations,
was in the center of the Gan,
the sheltered garden, along with,
in addition to, Ha-etz, the tree of Dayat,
the knowledge,
the acquisition of information.
of good and productive, of tobe,
of that which is beneficial and proper,
favorable and desirable,
agreeable and pleasing, as well as bad,
raw, evil, harmful, wrong, erroneous,
from corrupt compatriots,
morally inappropriate, malignant,
disagreeable rhetoric.
This is
Barbara Sheath, second chapter,
ninth statement, in the beginning,
Genesis.
Laying it all out, isn't he?
In street parlance, Craig,
in street parlance, who be the tree?
Who be the tree.
Yeah, you know,
when you're now twenty-four years into
this,
and you got all freaked out when Yahweh
says, you know, you're the Choder,
and therefore you're enabled with the
seven spirits of Yahweh that's never
happened before,
and you're going to write a sign,
and you're going to be parah, productive.
You know,
you freak out a little bit because you
say, OK,
now I'm not anonymous and now there's
expectations.
And then you finally settle all down at
the end because he says, oh,
by the way,
you're nothing but a damn tree.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
But that's really it.
The Choder is a tree.
He is a tree of Dyat.
That's what God said.
And so you have to now.
Who's the tree?
Ask the fellow who tried to pick up
and destroy the tree in Numbers.
Yeah, it was actually Numbers.
I'm sorry.
After presenting his plan with the three
fellows, the ram, the goat, and the bull.
uh we read the story of the uh
fellow on the shabbat and he wasn't
picking up sticks he was uprooting trees
it's f that he was pulling up and
uh and it said what should we do
kill him the answer why because you can't
uproot those trees man you grew up the
trees
You've got nothing left.
The tree is the answer.
The tree is the one that has the
fruit.
He's the one that's delivering the fruit
that will direct you to what you need
to know to capitalize on the tree of
lives.
And without the trees,
you uproot those trees and toss them away.
It's game over.
Yeah, and then, of course,
it was the titsits after that that was
so revealing where God says, no,
the titsits is not this tangled,
frazzled mess.
No, it's a flax.
It's the flower of the flax,
the blue flower of the flax.
And I don't want you to wear it
outside like you're trying to impress
somebody you're being religious.
I want you...
to wear it on the inside of the
hem of your garment,
and this blue flower of the phlox inside
of your garment will remind you of what
happens when the phlox blossoms that blue
flower.
What happens then, Kevin?
Oh, I don't remember.
Well,
what happens when you're nodding your head
like, yeah, yeah,
I'm right with you on this.
When that phlox blossoms that blue flower,
it means it's a beeb.
Oh, that was easy.
Yeah.
We are told that the sign of Abib
is not just that the barley is green
and growing,
but that the flax is in bloom.
And so that is the,
and that flax provides the linen for the
high priest,
which is what Dode's going to wear.
The blue color is Shamaim,
but it's the flower of the flax that
is in blossom when we celebrate what Dode
achieved in Pisach, Matzah, and B'Kurim.
And so that's why you wear that little
blue flower on the inside of your hymn
that I've got my blue on here today,
don't I?
I get away from the microphone, but yeah,
I've got my blue.
That's the intent.
It's to remind you that this is the
ultimate tree of lives.
Dode's fulfillment of Pesach, Matzah,
and B'Kurim.
That's great.
know we got doughed with the bubble gum
and the glasses there over my uh my
shoulder yeah that's the that's the
hipster hipster dog green shirt a whole
blue and white you know yes from an
artist standpoint you got flex black seed
you grind that it all you've got the
color that you're going to paint with and
then you the linen is how you make
the canvas isn't that spectacular
It is.
It is the portrait.
And isn't that what the ETSA is all
about?
It's the first person to see the entire
portrait framed and from the proper
perspective that can provide counsel on
the entire picture.
And don't we have that picture over the
opposite shoulder?
Dode with the sunglasses is looking at the
picture that you painted of the tree next
to the sea growing out of the rocks.
yep and what color are the flowers that
are right next to that tree blue ones
they were blue aren't they right yep so
and the uh and the fellow that is
uh associated with the sea this uh ha
nakri who is this goy uh synonymous with
the sea what color is the sea blue
blue too yeah there you go so uh
god's pretty consistent he's uh and the
guy that painted the picture what color
sweater is he wearing tonight
And you're swimming in my blue pool.
I have another observation, fellas.
Looking at the picture,
there's a few crags in that picture as
well.
Lots of crags.
Yeah,
a crag is one of the inside jokes
that Yahweh has of our relationship.
It comes up in Teruah where it's the
crags of the rock that protect that mortal
remnant on Teruah.
And it is a rocky crag at the
top of Mount Moriah where the fire
Yahweh spoke coming out of the fire.
And there's lots of places throughout the
Torah that Yahweh speaks of a rocky crag.
And wouldn't you know that somewhere along
the reign, I got the name crag.
Craig is Celtic for crag.
Yeah, the guy doesn't miss a trick.
He's been at this rodeo previously.
Knows all about how the bull is ridden
in the rodeo.
He's been there.
Been there, done that,
and doesn't miss a trick.
all the way through the story.
You even got the Blue Ridge.
It looks like the Blue Ridge Mountains
before.
I'm sure there may be a different
mountain, but the JB,
you've got blue there.
The only one that's missing the blue is
my friend, Dr. Jeff,
but you've got the Yahweh shirt on,
so that gets it done.
So we have gone the two hours that
I said with the...
the back today,
we would not do a two hour program,
but we survived.
We might still be able to crawl out
of bed in the,
in the morning when the back has a
chance to heal.
Actually, it's, it's no longer throbbing.
You know, that it's the evolve.
I'm everybody's head back pain.
So when it, the muscles, uh,
try to stabilize the, uh, the, um,
i i compressed the the last vertebrae uh
and when you twist and you have a
compressed vertebrae then the muscles all
spasm to try to protect the joint and
it's the when the muscles spasm that
creates the pain and so they're not spasm
anymore it's just the uh the irritant and
and you know you go you go through
the process uh we've we've got to have
some pain now and then just to
Know you're alive.
Yeah, know you're alive to say, all right,
I can work through this.
I've had worse than this.
And that's all part of it.
God wants us to trip and fall.
That might sound surprising,
but that's what he wants.
Because without it, we don't grow.
Without it, we don't get any confidence.
Without it,
we can't prove that we're reliable.
So that's what we have.
All right, Richard,
I think we are done for this evening.
Everybody have their compensation check?
It showed up in the mail, right?
The check's in the mail.
Yeah, the check's in the mail.
Yep.
I have to declare it on my W-two,
I guess.
Okay.
Yeah, probably not.
Actually, I'll make a little pun here.
On my W-two.
Your W-two.
Did you know?
They're talking about Leah's favorite
line.
Did you know?
Well, I did know,
and that's why we share.
I wish everyone a wonderful Shabbat,
and then we will see everybody probably on
Sunday is when we'll do our next program.
I have been in a habit now of
spending the Shabbat studying Yahweh's
testimony and contemplating what he has to
say.
And so we'll do our next program on
a Shabbat.
And we're hoping to get back to the
vlog on the blog, Kevin.
That program we do together is my favorite
now,
and we're all stored up and ready to
go.
And so good evening to one and all.
Thank you for a wonderful couple of hours.
Good night.
Good evening.
Shabbat shalom.